index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Gabriel S. Agostini
---

<img align="left" src="images/portrait.JPG" width="300" height="450" style="float:left; padding-right:20px">

I am an undergraduate student at Columbia University pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics and a Bachelor of Arts in Urban Studies.

With my background in Mathematics, I have been exposed to rather abstract concepts which I would like to bring into the urban planning and social sciences discussion. I believe that the rigorous description of society through Statistics, Topology, or Graph Theory can help us understand better what are inherent properties of urban space and what can be improved. I am especially drawn to studying cities of the Global South and the mathematical meaning of urbanism for these cities, and to solving problems in public policy using Machine Learning with unreliable or sparse data---unfortunately, those two interests often intersect.

I am currently interested in computational social science, Network Science, and in the applications of these areas to the design of better, more equitable cities.

You can find more about me on my [CV](/files/Agostini_CV.pdf)

Commit message:

added GitHub and email to body

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Gabriel S. Agostini
---

<img align="left" src="images/portrait.JPG" width="300" height="450" style="float:left; padding-right:20px">

I am an undergraduate student at Columbia University pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics and a Bachelor of Arts in Urban Studies.

With my background in Mathematics, I have been exposed to rather abstract concepts which I would like to bring into the urban planning and social sciences discussion. I believe that the rigorous description of society through Statistics, Topology, or Graph Theory can help us understand better what are inherent properties of urban space and what can be improved. I am especially drawn to studying cities of the Global South and the mathematical meaning of urbanism for these cities, and to solving problems in public policy using Machine Learning with unreliable or sparse data---unfortunately, those two interests often intersect.

I am currently interested in computational social science, Network Science, and in the applications of these areas to the design of better, more equitable cities.

You can find more about me on my [CV](/files/Agostini_CV.pdf) and check some of my code on my [GitHub](https://github.com/gsagostini).

My email is <agostini.gabriel@columbia.edu>
