pages/publications_and_talks.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Publications & Talks
description: Pieces of my work that already got out there
---

## Peer-Reviewed Publications:

Gabriel Agostini, Juliana Gonçalves, Trivik Verma. Identifying Urban Morphology from Street Networks with Graphlet Analysis. _30th Annual Geographical Information Science Research UK (GISRUK)_, Liverpool, United Kingdom. April 1, 2022. [doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6407124](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6407124)

Gabriel Agostini, Yushan Zhang, Debra Laefer. A Category-Theory Approach to Construction Ontologies in Subsurface Mass Transit. _The International Archives of the Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences_, XLVI-4/W4-2021, 125–130, 2021. [doi.org/10.5194/isprs-archives-XLVI-4-W4-2021-125-2021](https://www.int-arch-photogramm-remote-sens-spatial-inf-sci.net/XLVI-4-W4-2021/125/2021/)

### Other:

Gabriel Agostini. [Confluences of the Past in Brasília: Another _Plano Piloto_ for Brazilian Modernist Urbanism](../files/urban_review_fall21.pdf). _Barnard and Columbia Urban Review_ No. 2, 13-26, Fall 2021.

---

## Talks:

Identifying Urban Morphology from Street Networks with Graphlet Analysis, _30th Annual Geographical Information Science Research UK (GISRUK)_, April 2022

A Category-Theory Approach to Construction Ontologies in Subsurface Mass Transit, _3D GeoInfo Conference_, October 2021

[Operationalizing Equity in the San Francisco Student School Assignment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48FYug28Bzw&t=3531s), _Stanford Data Science for Social Good_, August 2021

[Knot Surgery and Integer Characterizing Slopes](https://youtu.be/0LLg-Lr_me4), _Columbia University Mathematics Department_, August 2019

---
## Not for Publication

[Naturally Artificial: Continuity and Change in the Street Network of Rio de Janeiro](../files/rj-street-network.pdf). Paper written for the course _Colonial Cities in the Americas_ at Columbia University. Fall 2021.

[Benjamini-Schramm Convergence of Random Rooted Graphs](http://math.columbia.edu/~mmiller/TProjects/GAgostini21f.pdf). Papert written for the course _Topology_ at Columbia University. Fall 2021.

Commit message:

add link to Albert Angelo paper

pages/publications_and_talks.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Publications & Talks
description: Pieces of my work that already got out there
---

## Peer-Reviewed Publications:

Gabriel Agostini, Juliana Gonçalves, Trivik Verma. Identifying Urban Morphology from Street Networks with Graphlet Analysis. _30th Annual Geographical Information Science Research UK (GISRUK)_, Liverpool, United Kingdom. April 1, 2022. [doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6407124](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6407124)

Gabriel Agostini, Yushan Zhang, Debra Laefer. A Category-Theory Approach to Construction Ontologies in Subsurface Mass Transit. _The International Archives of the Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences_, XLVI-4/W4-2021, 125–130, 2021. [doi.org/10.5194/isprs-archives-XLVI-4-W4-2021-125-2021](https://www.int-arch-photogramm-remote-sens-spatial-inf-sci.net/XLVI-4-W4-2021/125/2021/)

### Other:

Gabriel Agostini. [Confluences of the Past in Brasília: Another _Plano Piloto_ for Brazilian Modernist Urbanism](../files/urban_review_fall21.pdf). _Barnard and Columbia Urban Review_ No. 2, 13-26, Fall 2021.

---

## Talks:

Identifying Urban Morphology from Street Networks with Graphlet Analysis, _30th Annual Geographical Information Science Research UK (GISRUK)_, April 2022

A Category-Theory Approach to Construction Ontologies in Subsurface Mass Transit, _3D GeoInfo Conference_, October 2021

[Operationalizing Equity in the San Francisco Student School Assignment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48FYug28Bzw&t=3531s), _Stanford Data Science for Social Good_, August 2021

[Knot Surgery and Integer Characterizing Slopes](https://youtu.be/0LLg-Lr_me4), _Columbia University Mathematics Department_, August 2019

---
## Not for Publication

[Oh, F-ck all this WALKING! The Metafictional Geography of Movement in _Albert Angelo_](../files/f-allthiswalking.pdf). Paper written for the course _Postwar Fiction and Architecture_ at Columbia University. Spring 2022.

[Naturally Artificial: Continuity and Change in the Street Network of Rio de Janeiro](../files/rj-street-network.pdf). Paper written for the course _Colonial Cities in the Americas_ at Columbia University. Fall 2021.

[Benjamini-Schramm Convergence of Random Rooted Graphs](http://math.columbia.edu/~mmiller/TProjects/GAgostini21f.pdf). Papert written for the course _Topology_ at Columbia University. Fall 2021.
